[OP-66] - Add extra admin, accounts and nodes at contract deployment (#132)
PegaSysEng/permissioning-smart-contracts: README.md

  - `PANTHEON_NODE_PERM_ACCOUNT`: The address of the account that will be used to deploy the contracts
  - `PANTHEON_NODE_PERM_KEY`: The private key associated with the deploying account's address
  - `PANTHEON_NODE_PERM_ENDPOINT`: The json rpc url endpoint that can be used to communicate with your Pantheon node

> 2. Following environment variables are optional and can be used to whitelist account and nodes during initial contract deployment 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. The following environment variables are optional and can be used to whitelist accounts and nodes during initial contract deployment. 
```

  - `INITIAL_ADMIN_ACCOUNTS`: The admin account addresses. Comma separated multiple addresses can be specified
  - `INITIAL_WHITELISTED_ACCOUNTS`: The whitelisted account addresses. Comma separated multiple addresses can be specified

>   - `INITIAL_WHITELISTED_NODES`: The enode URL of whitelisted nodes. Comma separated multiple nodes can be specified

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `INITIAL_WHITELISTED_NODES`: The enode URLs of whitelisted nodes. Comma separated multiple nodes can be specified
```
